readme.md, before:

## Tailwind Components

This repository contains Tailwind Components which I (Mbaziira), created while learning and practicing TailwindCSS. 

I have created the repository in hopes that these components can be used by anyone who is currently learning/practicing his skills with Tailwind. 

Kindly give it a star if you find it helpful or share it with others. 

| Component                                                                       | Description                                                           |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Team Profile](https://play.tailwindcss.com/dMNj04aN6V)                         | Profile cards for Team members on team section.                       |
| [Site Header](https://play.tailwindcss.com/95JfCZESrY)                          | A responsive site header you can customize and use in your project.   |
| [Delete Account Modal](https://play.tailwindcss.com/9Ly1GzdYQ0)                 | Delete Modal Account Confirmation.                                    |
| [Social Media Profile View](https://play.tailwindcss.com/OOSUpmGICN)            | Social Media Profile Preview card.                                    |
| [Virtual Wallet Balance](https://play.tailwindcss.com/qtVCzzUEim)               | Virtual Wallet Balance card.                                          |
| [Social Media Profile View - LinkedIn](https://play.tailwindcss.com/hPPQoQvDpK) | A social media profile card similar to that of LinkedIn.              |
| [Send Message](https://play.tailwindcss.com/YFGCaIwRZG)                         | Send Message component similar to that of Facebook.                   |
| [Upload images](https://play.tailwindcss.com/f0RRuEZORD)                        | Upload images with preview of uploaded images.                        |
| [Upload documents](https://play.tailwindcss.com/t1cHYoFvyU)                     | Upload documents component with progress indicator.                   |
| [Upload files](https://play.tailwindcss.com/bEN1Qh1rve)                         | Upload files with preview of uploaded files,with a progress indicator |
| [Set Reminder](https://play.tailwindcss.com/cduRcyWHFr)                         | Set reminder calendar component |

Commit message:

Added 3 pricing tables pricing page

readme.md, after:

## Tailwind Components

This repository contains Tailwind Components which I (Mbaziira), created while learning and practicing TailwindCSS. 

I have created the repository in hopes that these components can be used by anyone who is currently learning/practicing his skills with Tailwind. 

Kindly give it a star if you find it helpful or share it with others. 

| Component                                                                       | Description                                                           | Level          |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------- |
| [Team Profile](https://play.tailwindcss.com/dMNj04aN6V)                         | Profile cards for Team members on team section.                       | `Beginner`     |
| [Site Header](https://play.tailwindcss.com/95JfCZESrY)                          | A responsive site header you can customize and use in your project.   | `Beginner`     |
| [Delete Account Modal](https://play.tailwindcss.com/9Ly1GzdYQ0)                 | Delete Modal Account Confirmation.                                    | `Beginner`     |
| [Social Media Profile View](https://play.tailwindcss.com/OOSUpmGICN)            | Social Media Profile Preview card.                                    | `Beginner`     |
| [Virtual Wallet Balance](https://play.tailwindcss.com/qtVCzzUEim)               | Virtual Wallet Balance card.                                          | `Beginner`     |
| [Social Media Profile View - LinkedIn](https://play.tailwindcss.com/hPPQoQvDpK) | A social media profile card similar to that of LinkedIn.              | `Beginner`     |
| [Send Message](https://play.tailwindcss.com/YFGCaIwRZG)                         | Send Message component similar to that of Facebook.                   | `Beginner`     |
| [Upload images](https://play.tailwindcss.com/f0RRuEZORD)                        | Upload images with preview of uploaded images.                        | `Beginner`     |
| [Upload documents](https://play.tailwindcss.com/t1cHYoFvyU)                     | Upload documents component with progress indicator.                   | `Beginner`     |
| [Upload files](https://play.tailwindcss.com/bEN1Qh1rve)                         | Upload files with preview of uploaded files,with a progress indicator | `Beginner`     |
| [Set Reminder](https://play.tailwindcss.com/cduRcyWHFr)                         | Set reminder calendar component                                       | `Beginner`     |
| [3 colors pricing table](https://play.tailwindcss.com/GgbkHvO7C5)               | Responsive, and customizable pricing page                             | `Intermediate` |
